Connecticut with one timeout left
doesn't look like a 60-acre circle even
cut off his hands nicely
as you take a look at a reset each seat
with the timeout left
both teams shooting in the double bonus
two free-throws on every pop we
interested if he makes this to see if
you con goes for three or two
philosophical defensive different
coaches will do a different way let's
see here's price and get back in the
back 2-3 zone 20 seconds ago
Dyson Bryson learning to shoot
finish has a DJ price somehow got that
one the fall
six three and we're tied at 74 at the
end of regulation he doesn't force him
does a good job have premises state good
defense by charity
a chance in plenty of time he's looking
to attack how about the block show well
at the end
The Amityville Horror big-time shot as
time expires and we're tied at 70 for
the Connecticut bench new life
mark view
we've gotta still play guys 74 74 good
saga Connecticut back for overtime after
this